Okay, for exercise 9A, we're gonna
practice implementing the describe group
or refactoring the describeGroup
function as a method.
So I'm gonna hop over to
exercise_9A.markdown in the methods
section.
So the goal here is just
practice writing a method and
refactoring an existing
function into a method.
And to get things going, if you look in
the code directory and methods.go, I've
copied over the solution that we worked
through from the struct section yesterday.
Which has all of the starting functions
for both the user struct and group.
So you can start with that code and
then build off of it.
You're gonna have to refactor
the scribe user code,
which is what we just kind of
looked at together on a slide.
And then after you're finished with the
describe user, also modify describe group
to be a method called describe that
receives a group struct instead.